Science has shown that the best way to help our kids become independent, confident, kind, empathetic, and happy is by talking with them. Yet, so often, parents, educators, and caregivers have trouble communicating with kids. Conversations can feel trivial or strained-or worse, are marked by constant conflict. In The Art of Talking with Children, Rebecca Rolland, a Harvard faculty member, speech pathologist, and mother, arms adults with practical tools to help them have productive and meaningful conversations with children of all ages-whether it's engaging an obstinate toddler or getting the most monosyllabic adolescent to open up. The Art of Talking with Children shows us how quality communication-or rich talk-can help us build the skills and capacities children need to thrive.


About this item
DO YOU EVER struggle to start a conversation with your child? Or keep it going? Parenting children can be tough so the Talking Point Cards Kids Edition helps you ask great questions and transform your parent-child relationship through relationship-building conversation. Our table talk cards deck contains 200 exploratory questions and topics that children, and parents alike will love sharing together
TAILORED JUST FOR KIDS - 5 great categories: ‘School’, ‘Home & Family’, ‘Personal Well-Being’, ‘Future’, and ‘Fun & Random’ are each expertly written to meet a child in their special phase of life. So grab a card, ask the question and listen! A great relationship starts with great communication. Developed in partnership with practicing family therapists, psychologists, psychotherapists, communication experts and real families
BUILD TRUST AND CONFIDENCE - Designed in a non-competitive card game format, help your kids engage in the art of conversation with a chance to share their thoughts and perspectives along with the adults! Create easy friendship with your child as you explore their mind together. Parents will appreciate bonus cards that provide specific guidance like opening lines, responding to children who struggle with participation or disclose something disturbing, along with a host of other tips and FAQs
ENCOURAGE MEANINGFUL CONVERSATIONS - A wholesome and positive family dinner game to help your children and the entire family open up and share their hearts with each other. Even your shy ones! With the TPC Kids family card game, you’ll never run out of things to talk about
MADE TO LAST - Created with a professional-grade finish to keep them protected against food stains, repeated use, and humidity. Comes in a slim, portable deck box, for easy carry and storage. Keep it in your car for family travels, or when you're waiting for dance or soccer practice to end